Since I was a boy, whenever I saw a blank piece of paper, I felt like drawing something.
I was born in 1925 in Lilahammer, Norway.
My father received a brochure.
He was not that religious, but after reading it he started preaching straight away.
Our families and neighbors didn't like it at all.
But I listened to him because he spoke about a paradise earth.
I found my father's bag and thought to myself, now it's time for me to try.
I also started telling my classmates about it.
They all decided to make fun of me, but one of them changed his attitude.
He listened.
After the war, it was possible for both of us to travel by train to Oslo to get back
and toast.
Later on I returned to Oslo to attend an art school.
At the same time I attended all the meetings.
There I met a former full-time minister and he said to me,
the happiest time of my life was when I was in the traveling work visiting the brothers.
It got me thinking, maybe that could be me one day.
I got a lot of work as a painter in my hometown and gradually I became known as an artist.
But it took too much of my time.
I knew Matthew 24-14 that the kingdom should be preached.
And I thought, I need to do my part.
I can't just stand by and let others do the work.
So I decided to start pioneering.
Now I've been in the full-time ministry for about 70 years.
My life has been meaningful.
I have many good friends in a peace and joy.
At a convention I met Aydit.
She's always been encouraging, actually very encouraging.
After doing traveling work for several years, I wanted to return to Lila Hama to Pioneer
and see if I could be of any use there.
And I found more than enough work to do.
I still paint occasion.
Sometimes you get these ideas you really want to put on the canvas.
I look forward to a paradise serve.
With peaceful, smiling people who are joyful and happy.